English pages (#158)
openbikesensor/openbikesensor.github.io: content/contact/_index.en.md

---
title: Contact
menu:
footer:
weight: 10
aliases:
- /contact
---

<section class="row td-box td-box--1 position-relative">
<div class="container text-center td-arrow-down">

# Contact the OpenBikeSensor project

</div>
</section>

<section class="container content">

## For almost all matters.

... the [OpenBikeSensor Community]({{< relref "community" >}}) is the place to go. Please direct all of your questions around technical content and development, support for procurement and building OpenBikeSensor devices, all questions about data and its uses,  and all other topics that advance the project to the community forums.

> The community consists of a loose bunch of interested people who volunteer their time and skills as best they can. We, therefore, do not maintain any binding personnel responsibilities for specific areas of work. Questions are answered by those who know and have the time to answer them -- and that works extremely well for us. Don't be afraid to ask publicly ask for help -- many others will benefit as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community consists of a loose bunch of interested people who volunteer their time and skills as best they can. We, therefore, do not maintain any binding personnel responsibilities for specific areas of work. Questions are answered by those who know and have the time to answer them -- and that works extremely well for us. Don't be afraid to ask publicly for help -- many others will benefit as well.
```

Thomas Obst is responsible for the editorial content of this website and can be reached as chairman of the association board via the above-mentioned association address.

### Contact by e-mail

If you are at a loss, you can also send general inquiries to <script type="text/javascript"><!--/* Generated by www.email-encoder.com */
for(var vfawqb=["cg","bg","ZQ","cg","LQ","cg","aQ","bA","YQ","Lg","bw","Lg","ZQ","bg","Zg","aw","cw","bw","ZQ","cw","ZQ","bw","QA","cg","cw","cg","Ig","bg","Zg","Zw","bw","bQ","bw", "ZQ","Yg","PA","PQ","YQ","IA","YQ","Ig","aw","QA","bw","cw","Pg","cA","bA","dA","Pg","ZQ","Yg","cw","bg","ZQ","Lw","bg","aQ","PA","aA","bQ","bw","Zg","YQ","Ig","cw","YQ","aQ","aQ", "aQ","Zw","bA","aQ","bw","IA","bg","PQ","Ig","aQ","bg","aw","Og","bA","bw","Yw","cA"],sjkvcl=[77,24,73,4,52,34,26,51,1,35,33,78,5,60,61,56,75,14,66,45,28,79,20,80,29,37,39,67,18,81, 21,9,76,30,25,0,46,84,40,49,8,70,63,64,44,85,65,12,13,58,23,68,32,31,71,83,17,50,82,3,48,36,6,43,57,72,10,54,59,16,38,42,11,19,2,74,7,47,69,55,27,15,53,62,41,22],qgcwtm=new Array,i=0; i<sjkvcl. length;i++)qgcwtm[sjkvcl[i]]=vfawqb[i];for(var i=0;i<qgcwtm.length;i++)document.write(atob(qgcwtm[i]+"=="));

> // --></script><noscript>Please enable JavaScript to see the email address (<a href="https://www.email-encoder.com/enablejs/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">How-to</a>).</noscript> send. However, please try your luck with the community first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// --></script><noscript>Please enable JavaScript to see the email address (<a href="https://www.email-encoder.com/enablejs/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">How-to</a>).</noscript>. However, please try your luck with the community first.
```

> Representatives:inside the press please contact <script type="text/javascript"><!--/* Generated by www.email-encoder.com */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press representatives, please get in touch with <script type="text/javascript"><!--/* Generated by www.email-encoder.com */
```

// --></script><noscript>Please enable JavaScript to see the email address (<a href="https://www.email-encoder.com/enablejs/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">How-to</a>).</noscript>.

The community manages these mailboxes, and received requests may be published for discussion in the forum or through other channels.

> The board handles content that must be treated as confidential (see above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board (see above) handles content that must be treated as confidential.
```
